The script is used to clean a data set collected from smartphones.

Data set can be downloaded in the following URL:
https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip

Complete description of the data set are included in the zipped files.

The general flow of the code is described below:
1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4. Labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
5. Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

In 3, I removed unnecessar characters in the column labels (e.g. dot).
I also replaced some of the characters in teh label to make it more descriptive as listed below:
      "tBody" was replaced by "3D Signal Body"
      "tGravity" was replaced by "3D Signal Gravity"
      "fbodybody" was replaced by "FD Signal Body"
      fBody" was replaced by "FD Signal Body"
      "Acc" was replaced by " Accelerator "
      "Mag" was replaced by " Magnitude "
      "Jerk" was replaced by " Jerk "
      "Gyro" was replaced by " Gyro "
      "std" was replaced by "StandardDev"
      "mean" was replaced by "Mean"
      
      
  In 5, I melt the original data set to easily compute the mean for each variable, for each user and activity
  using cast function.
  
  I iterate in the resulting 3-dimensional matrix, to write them in a csv file with a readable
  formatting or display.
  
  Note: To make the content of the output file more readable, I used row.names=TRUE inside write.table()
  function. You may set it to FALSE if you don't want to display row labels. 
  
  The content of the file shows the mean of each variable per user and per activity.
  The tables are per USER. Then for each table, the row is the activity and the column is the computed mean of the variable.
